**Lianyong Qi**, received his Ph.D degree from the Department of Computer Science and Technology, Nanjing University, China. In 2010, he visited the Department of Information and Communication Technology, Swinburne University of Technology, Australia. Now, he is a professor with the College of Computer Science and Technology, China University of Petroleum (East China), China, and an Honorary Professor at Macquarie University, Australia. He was awarded "Shandong Province Natural Science Award" (Second Prize, 2023), "CCF-Service Computing Committee-Young Talent Award" (2023), "Highly Cited Researcher" (Clarivate, 2021-2023), "Highly Cited Chinese Researchers" (Elsevier, 2020-2023) and "Highly Ranked Scholar (Prior 5 Years)-Top 0.05%" (ScholarGPS, 2024). His research interests include AI and recommender systems. 

He has published research papers in international journals ( e.g., IEEE JSAC, IEEE TKDE, IEEE TPDS, IEEE ToN, IEEE TMC, IEEE TNNLS, IEEE TFS, IEEE TSC, IEEE/ACM TCBB, IEEE TCC, IEEE TBD, IEEE TII, IEEE T-ITS, IEEE TCSS, IEEE TNSE, IEEE TCE, IEEE TAI, ACM TOIS, ACM TOMM, ACM TOSN, ACM TOIT, ACM TIST, 中国科学: 信息科学, 计算机学报, 电子学报 ) and international conferences ( e.g., KDD, ICML, NeurIPS, CVPR, AAAI, IJCAI, SIGIR, WWW, MM, CIKM, WSDM, DASFAA, ICWS, ICSOC), including two "China's Top-100 Most Influential International Academic Papers Awards", 10+ Best/Outstanding Paper Awards (e.g., IEEE UIC, IEEE HPCC, IEEE ISPA, IEEE ICPADS). He is currently serving as the Managing Editor of Journal of Organizational and End User Computing (SCI/SSCI), Associate Editor of Tsinghua Science and Technology, Associate EiC of International Journal of Intelligent Networks, etc. He has served as SPC/Area Chair/PC member of top conferences (e.g., KDD, NeurIPS, WWW, ICLR, SIGIR, AAAI, IJCAI, CVPR, ICCV, MM, WSDM, ICDCS, CIKM, ECML-PKDD, DASFAA, ICSOC, ICWS), and  guest editors of reputable journals including ACM Transactions on Autonomous and Adaptive Systems (TAAS), IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering (TASE), IEEE Transactions on Big Data (TBD), IEEE Transactions on Computational Social Systems (TCSS), ACM Transactions on Recommender Systems (TORS), ACM Transactions on Asian and Low-Resource Language Information Processing (TALLIP), Information Sciences, etc.